# Selenium Automation Project
Introduction
--------------
1. This is UI Automation Project in which Selenium webdriver is used and language is JAVA.
2. The Framework is based on Page object model.
3. Here the build tool is MAVEN.
4. For running tests cases TestNG is used.
5. For Generating reports Extent report is used.
6. Test Data are passed from Properties file as well as Excel Integration is also done.
7. For generating logs during the execution Log4j is being used.
8. Also Parallel execution is implemented by using Threads.

Requirements
--------------
1. Java 8 or above should be installed in the System.
2. Maven  Should be Installed.
3. TestNG also should be installed.
4. Latest version of browser driver which is being used should be present.

Configuration
-----------------
1. Import the project in Some IDE like Eclipse or Intellij.
2. Select the Project and run as Maven Build.
3. Give the Command "Clean install test".
4. After the Execution of the tests, Results are generated by the help of Extent report.


Troubleshooting
----------------
1. Test Results are present in the Folder - "\target\ExtentReports\Current test results".
2. Also the Archived tests results are present in the folder - "\target\Archived test results".
3. Test logs are present in the folder - "\logs\MyTest.log".
4. Test data files are present in the "resources" folder namely stage.properties and ExcelData.xlsx.
5. Tests can be run in Parallel by increasing the "thread-count" in the SuiteFile.xml.

